Diary
Wk 1 
We had formed a group of 4 in the tutorial and decided on which project we, as a group, wanted to complete together.
The criteria we all had in mind was something that was creative, fun as well as challenging to implement.
After going through each of the project proposals, we ultimately decided that the Rental Inspection System was most interesting to implement.
We also spent the remaining of the tutorial coming up with potential novel features that we could implement within our system.

Wk 2
As a group, we created a draft of user stories that which satisfied the features mentioned in the project description. 
This was in preparation to complete the project proposal which was due on the start of Week4.
By the end of the week, we had completed our user stories as well as discussed any ambiguity in our projects system.

Wk 3
I was given the task to complete the entire Balsasmiq flowchart representing each user story in our project proposal. 
The completed user stories were transferred onto Jira and we delegated the user stories to each of the sprints as well 
as delegating specific user stories of our sprint 1 to each of the members.
We also received the link for our Github which allowed us to start setting up our project.

Wk 4
I started getting familiar with Spring and Docker as well as SQL, which required some revision and research since I wasn't very familiar with Spring. 

Wk 5
I was given the task complete RIS-7 which allowed me to view the property summary of each summary as well as being able to filter the estates (i.e., no. of bedrooms etc).
Our sprint 1 composed of our project being able to:
- add and edit properties
- filter properties
- close and open properties
- inspectors contacting the manager via auto generated email.

Wk 7
Approaching the second demo, one of my team members needed help on the frontend and therefore I decided to help redesign
some pages as he was unsure of where and what to put on future pages. This required me to update the balsamiq flowchart
and design some new pages according to changes in idea over time

Wk 8
I was in charge of styling the pages for the frontend. After the second demo, we were given some feedback on some
UI issues on our website and I was in charge in making changes and fixing those problems

Wk 9
In week 9, I helped create the contact form for the inspectors (both logged in or as guests) on the frontend
that could automatically send email to the agent's email address about their enquiries.

Wk 10
Helped the remaining members with pair programming on bugs they couldn't fix. Started laying out the final project report
as well as made the presentation on canva which would be presented on the day of the final demo.