Week 1
We formed our group of 4 and as a team, we decided on completing project 7 (rental inspection system) for this term.
As a group, we then brainstormed a draft of the features that we were going to implement within the project,
which included the 2 novel features as required within the specifications.

Week 2
As a group, we created a basic draft of the user stories that we were going to use for this project. We also discussed
and answered any questions within our group to ensure that we all had the same idea in mind. During the week, I also
helped create a draft acceptance criteria for each user story, which as a group, we discussed and finalised what the final
acceptance criteria would be.

Week 3
We collaborated together for the proposal by splitting certain parts of the proposal to each team member and worked on
getting familiar with Docker and Spring (both which I had never used before).

Week 4
I started on working on the backend of estates which included a DB schema, Controller for the API endpoint, a DAO and
Models for registration and editing of estates. The initial implementation ended up needing to be changed after a group
decision on how we were going the requests in the backend.

Week 5
I finished implementing the estates as part of RIS-9 and fixed any outstanding bugs that arose from the development
process to ensure it passed integration tests.

Week 6
Flexible week, nothing much was done.

Week 7
I started on implementing a way to get all estates within a certain endpoint, this was however later scrapped due to a change in implementation method.
Spent the rest of the week learning about the new implementation method to get data from multiple tables since it was a new concept.

Week 8
I got started on creating an inspectors history (RIS-17) where the backend stores a record of everytime an inspector clicks on a specific property.
This included creating a new table for the inspectors and history. Certain endpoints were changed which had to be communicated to the whole group.

Week 9
Finished RIS-17 and got started on RIS-18 where the backend had to keep track on which properties were getting viewed. When completed, I re-adjusted 
the order of objects that were returned within certain endpoints such that the most-viewed properties were listed first as a recommendation to inspectors.

Week 10
Completed some quality assurance testing before the final demo. Any bugs that occured in the backend were identified were fixed. This week, we as a group started to work on
the final project report and cleaned up the code for the project. 